Autonavi bear
Gao said
Are you seeing someone outside?
What are you shouting for?
Yes, there is someone outside.
You're killing me!
I fought with you
I didn't want to tell you so early
Since you brought it to your door yourself
Then don't blame me
I will send the divorce papers in two days.
Listen.
I am divorced
Say who I don't know
who is he?
Tell you what
She is the eldest lady of my family
How about people
Ah, my family's condition is that you get out of here with your son's high IQ
Dad, what are you doing?
You don't want me anymore?
Gao Jia and Anjia are about to demolish the chain
The family business of two families can only be inherited if there are two common bloodlines
As for your dad
I am your own son
You can't just say you don't care about me.
I didn't say I don't care.
After divorcing your mother
I will take a sum of money and you will go out and fight by yourself
It doesn't matter if I have a fight with your father and son
Enough, that's it